Contato
afonso.faisca1@gmail.com

www.linkedin.com/in/
afonsosantos53 (LinkedIn)
afonsosantos.me (Personal)

Principais competências
API da OpenAI
CMS
DeepSeek

Languages
Português (Native or Bilingual)
Inglês (Professional Working)

Certifications
Microsoft Certified: Security,
Compliance, and Identity
Fundamentals
Pre Security Certificate
Microsoft Certified: Azure
Fundamentals
LFS158: Introduction to Kubernetes

Afonso Santos

Full Stack Developer | Building Scalable Web Solutions at Setwin |
Available for Freelance Work
Leiria, Leiria, Portugal

Resumo
As a Full Stack Developer at Setwin, I develop dynamic and scalable
web applications with Vue.js, Nuxt, Laravel and Django. I integrate
complex systems with robust data pipelines using Python, Celery
and Redis, with optimized deploys in Kubernetes environments.
I have experience customizing ERP CEGID Primavera and
maintaining WordPress platforms, delivering reliable solutions
adapted to each client.
With a degree in Computer Technology from the Polytechnic Institute
of Leiria, I'm passionate about creating efficient solutions, learning
continuously and collaborating on innovative projects that create real
impact.

Experiência
Setwin
Developer

junho de 2023 - Present (2 anos 10 meses)
Marinha Grande, Leiria, Portugal
- Maintenance of Kubernetes clusters for QA/development and production
environments, hosting 10+ applications, leveraging Argo CD, Helm,
Kustomize, and other ecosystem tools for GitOps-based continuous
deployment. Also responsible for Kubernetes training and upskilling of the
development team.
- Developing dynamic web applications using Vue.js and Nuxt for the frontend and Laravel (PHP) and Django (Python) for the back-end, adhering to best
development practices and clean code standards.
- Development of a data pipeline application using Python, Celery, and Redis
for large-scale data processing, ERP and website data synchronization,
and custom system integrations. Deployed with Kubernetes to ensure high
availability and ease of updates.
- Development of custom code and views for the CEGID Primavera ERP.
Page 1 of 4

- Maintaining and enhancing WordPress websites, including the development
of custom themes and plugins tailored to specific client needs.
- Collaborating with cross-functional teams to ensure seamless integration and
delivery of high-quality solutions.
- Optimizing application performance and ensuring scalability to handle
increasing user demands.
- Conducting thorough testing and debugging to maintain robust and secure
applications.

Cooperativa Alma Maior, CRL
Cooperative Member and Webmaster

agosto de 2022 - Present (3 anos 8 meses)
Rio Maior, Portugal
- Maintaining and enhancing WordPress websites, implementing custom
themes and plugins to meet client-specific requirements.
- Development of a custom Django app for managing and promoting local
events.

Sociedade Portuguesa de Medicina Chinesa
Direction Assistant and Webmaster
julho de 2021 - Present (4 anos 9 meses)
Rio Maior, Portugal

- Maintaining and enhancing WordPress websites, implementing custom
themes and plugins to meet client-specific requirements.
- Research, implementation and maintenance of a custom plataform for
managing the association data.

Rio Maior Jornal
Webmaster

julho de 2021 - Present (4 anos 9 meses)
Rio Maior, Santarém, Portugal
- Maintaining and enhancing WordPress websites, implementing custom
themes and plugins to meet client-specific requirements.
- Writing news articles for the newspaper (paper and online edition).

Deloitte
Consultor CBO (Core Business Operations) - FS (Financial Services)
outubro de 2021 - junho de 2023 (1 ano 9 meses)
Leiria, Portugal

Page 2 of 4

- Consultant for the CBO - FS (Core Business Operations - Financial Services)
area for Deloitte Portugal, associated with the BrightStart program (admission
to TeSP course - 2021/2023 and participation in internship - 2022/2023).
- Development and implementation of solutions using the Guidewire v10
platform (PolicyCenter) and the Gosu programming language for the North
American P&C insurance company.
- Use of various platforms, such as Jenkins, Jira, Confluence, among others.
- Integration in an Agile work team (Scrum methodology).

Geartrack
React Developer

agosto de 2020 - dezembro de 2022 (2 anos 5 meses)
Portugal
- Development of the currently in production version of the application, using
React, Express, Bootstrap and microservices.

Clínica de Medicina Tradicional Chinesa, Tian Di Ren
Estágio
maio de 2021 - agosto de 2021 (4 meses)
Rio Maior, Santarém, Portugal

Estágio realizado na frequência do Curso Profissional, durante o Ensino
Secundário, na área de desenvolvimento Web e manutenção de presença
online, com recurso à plataforma WordPress.

Câmara Municipal de Rio Maior
Estágio

novembro de 2020 - janeiro de 2021 (3 meses)
Rio Maior, Santarém, Portugal
Estágio realizado na frequência do Curso Profissional, durante o Ensino
Secundário.
Responsável por tarefas de apoio ao utilizador final (funcionários) e
configuração de hardware e software.
Personalização de aplicação Web interna para gestão de parque informático,
com recurso à framework Laravel e JavaScript.

Formação acadêmica
Polytechnic of Leiria
Técnico Superior Profissional, Tecnologias Informáticas · (setembro de
2021 - junho de 2023)
Page 3 of 4

Escola Secundária Dr. Augusto César da Silva Ferreira
Técnico de Informática - Sistemas, Informática · (setembro de 2018 - julho de
2021)

Page 4 of 4

